---
layout: '../../../layouts/markdown/blog.astro'
title: GCSE Results Day
upDate: 31.08.2024
writeDate: 31.08.2024
desc: Results day
auth: Roxie
tags: ["school", "GCSEs", "results"]
---
# Hey,

So I GOT MY RESULTS TODAY! Awesome, right? Not really, lmao. I did a lot worse than I was expecting, but I did request a remark on my English papers since I was predicted a grade 7 and only got a 3 and a 4. Here’s a full table of my results so you can see them and judge me.

| CLASS TITLE | ENGLISH NUMBER GRADE (U-9) | ENGLISH LETTER GRADE (F-A*) |
|:------------|:--------------------------:|:----------------------------:|
| English Language | 4 | C |
| English Language Speaking Endorsement | M/Merit | M/Merit |
| English Literature | 3 | D |
| Mathematics | 6 | B |
| Combined Science: Trilogy (Double Award) | 55 | B, B |
| Art and Design (Fine Art) | 4 | C |
| Computer Science | 8 | A* |
| Music | 4 | C |

--- `conversion scale as of 2019, from number to letter grades as letter grades are depreciated`

## How I Feel About My Results

Personally, I'm not ashamed. Yeah, they're not the best grades by any means and in fact are pretty bad, but they're the best I could get, and I'm proud of it. I only *failed* one subject, and it was in a subject I needed help in (I have a large difficulty with spelling and sometimes reading) and I was promised help and never received any even after pushing for it. My grades are mine, no one else's, and I got what I deserved. Although the grade I am most proud of is Music. From the start of taking that subject, I was told that I was going to fail, and I didn't. I spent ages revising and practicing, and I managed to move my fail to a pass. So even though it wasn’t my best grade, it’s the one I'm most proud of.

## What Came Next?

When I got my results, I received them via email because I really wanted to avoid going to my high school again (which I did end up doing because I wanted to see my friends). But I was already waiting at my college to enroll. I was really cutting it fine with when I got them. The email was 23 minutes late, and I was called to enroll 1 minute after, so they really could not have come at a more stress-inducing time. The good part about all of that, though...

# I GOT IN

So as of September 4th (I think), I'll be taking a Graphic Design course and a Games Development course. You can expect a lot more from me in game development from then on. I should learn a lot more about it on the little entrance day thing, and if I do learn anything interesting, I'll update this post.

I guess the moral of my story is: don't overthink it. I was so worried I'd fail my GCSEs and have to spend the next 2 years at college with the people who bullied me relentlessly, but I am the only one from my school going to this college (because it’s like 14 miles away from my high school and 12 from the nearest college of the 3 the high school leads to). The only thing I'm worried about now is making friends, but it should be a lot of group coursework, so lucky me... But really, everything works out in the end, and I guess I got my

[Happily Ever After](https://open.spotify.com/track/5k7FarSbNo1Stck6kFZo9h?si=61ae5ef706c64a56)

And I'll be able to be myself at college without having to worry about how I talk or dress. If they don’t like me, they can now simply ignore me, and I can do the same! I can’t wait to see what happens over the next 2 weeks. Wish me luck <3
