---
layout: '../../../layouts/markdown/blog.astro'
title: 48-Hours
upDate: 31.08.2024
writeDate: 31.08.2024
desc: I challenged myself to make a game in 48 hours; it didn’t go as planned
auth: Roxie
tags: ["tech", "software", "game dev"]
---
# Hey,

So as the title and description of this post say, I challenged myself to make a game in 48 hours just to see if I could. To be very short with it, yeah, I could, although the pressure to finish it made me miss things like enjoying it, sleeping, and talking to my friends. So I quit the challenge with 11 hours left. I do plan on finishing the challenge tomorrow (01/09/2024) and will publish whatever I’ve made to [itch.io](https://itch.io), but here is the gist of the game so far:

- A roguelike where every sprite is 1 pixel (well, 16x16 of the same color but still)
- You have 20 minutes to beat as many rooms and enemies as possible
- If you get hit, you lose 5 minutes, but if you kill an enemy, you gain 30 seconds
- PC controls are fully customizable starting as:

```
down: arrowDown  
up: arrowUp  
left: arrowLeft  
right: arrowRight  
attack: C  
```

- Need to add a pause menu and sound effects:
    - Sound effects will play on:
        - Door enter (maybe)
        - Kill
        - Player attack
    - Pause menu will probably set the timescale to 0 and display 3 options as well as kills and room count:
        - Resume
        - Controls
            - Only for PC
        - Quit to title
- I might add power-ups and music if I have enough time:
    - The power-ups will give you an option to take or leave them after telling you what they are and how much time they will take off you in order to use them (some can add time though and make it worse for you, so less of a power-up)
- I have the start of an easter egg code system I'd like to implement but I'm unsure if there will be enough time

The most necessary thing to add is the pause menu. Once that is done, it will be a playable game. From then on, whatever is left when the timer runs out is done. If there’s a bug I don’t get to fix even if I just added it, the only things I will allow myself to change are build settings and project settings, as well as swapping some scripts so I can build both the PC and Android versions.

## Thank you for reading. I will update this soon!
